Docs: update links (#13531)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/tutorials/sidebar-tutorial/plugin-sidebar-4-initialize-input.md

Now you can focus solely on the `MetaBlockField` component. The goal is to initialize it with the value of `sidebar_plugin_meta_block_field`, but also to keep it updated when that value changes.

> WordPress has [some utilities to work with data](/docs/designers-developers/developers/packages/packages-data/) from the stores. The first you're going to use is [withSelect](/docs/designers-developers/developers/packages/packages-data/#withselect-mapselecttoprops-function-function), whose signature is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordPress has [some utilities to work with data](/packages/data/README.md) from the stores. The first you're going to use is [withSelect](/packages/data/README.md#withselect-mapselecttoprops-function-function), whose signature is:
```

* The `MetaBlockField` function has now a `props` argument as input. It contains the data object returned by the `mapSelectToProps` function, which it uses to initialize its value property.
* The component rendered within the `div` element was also updated, the plugin now uses `MetaBlockFieldWithData`. This will be updated every time the original data changes.

> * [getEditedPostAttribute](/docs/designers-developers/developers/data/data-core-editor/#geteditedpostattribute) is used to retrieve data instead of [getCurrentPost](/docs/designers-developers/developers/data/data-core-editor/#getcurrentpost) because it returns the most recent values of the post, including user editions that haven't been yet saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [getEditedPostAttribute](/docs/designers-developers/developers/data/data-core-editor.md#geteditedpostattribute) is used to retrieve data instead of [getCurrentPost](/docs/designers-developers/developers/data/data-core-editor.md#getcurrentpost) because it returns the most recent values of the post, including user editions that haven't been yet saved.
```
